I agree as well. I have been on the vegan diet for a year and a half and I have cleared up. I also recommend juicing as many vegetables (specifically green veggies and cucumbers) as you can. I juice this every day: 4 cucumbers, 4 sticks of carrots, an apple, a lemon, and also add 4 grams of vit C to this juice. Acne and skin conditions are NOT topical conditions, so why treat it with topical solutions? It's an internal problem welling up from the inside. 
Have you tried any diet changes? What worked for me was juicing lots of veggies every day. I juice everyday: 4 cucumbers, 4 sticks of carrots, one apple, and half a lemon. It takes a few months to see results but this is what got me much clearer. I am also on a very clean vegan diet. 
Hi there! I'm a 25yo lady, started having bd breakouts on my forehead and cheeks december last year when I was 24. I've done a lot of research and I'm sure Reddit will give you other answers but from my experience I would urge you to NOT take medication for your acne unless it's super severe. Most medications aim to stop the oil production in your skin after purging the shit out of you for months, causing you to dry out, get achy muscles and joints, experience fatigue, etc so that the oil glands for lack of a better word shrivel up and aren't susceptible to getting dirty and infected. That however can cause future breakouts to be much worse. 
A basic rule of thumb is to heal from the inside out. With adult acne, foods that you used to be ok with might not sit well anymore! Reason being your liver, kidneys, stomach, colon etc process things differently after adolescence so even without a diet change this can happen...Happened to me lol. 
General zones for acne have the forehead relating to digestion or the gastrointestinal tract. Add water, include more alkalizing foods, take more fiber to poop better or what I found to work for me is 2-4T of Bragg's apple cider vinegar in 8oz of water taken 15m before main meals. This helps lubricate and dilate your colon to process foods better...THIS was the biggest god send for me, but I know it's different for everyone. Would caution against using it as toner like some people!
Temples and eyebrows are usually from dehydration.  Center forehead or between eyebrows relates to your liver, food intolerance or allergies, or sensitivity to alcohol, caffeine and sugary drinks. Avoid or reduce!
Chin and jawline tend to be hormonal. Avoid foods that spike your hormones like tofu. To help regulate, teas are wonderful like lemon balm for stress. Supplements like evening primrose oil and fish oil (6000mg each a day for maximum efficiency, yes it's a lot and tiring), are good for both collagen regrowth to prevent scars or heal them quicker, and also help to naturally regulate hormones. 
Cheeks are also hormonal but for me they are related to lungs, stress, overeating, or touching things like side sleeping on your pillowcase of your arm. Excess build up of sebum there is no bueno. Try sleeping on your back, relaxing and regulating your nutrition intake. 

There will be a lot of acne maps that tell you different things, but what I listed is sort of what I found to be crossovers and commonalities in the maps. As I said before, heal from the inside out! Your body is processing things differently and the toxins it can't handle are now being expelled through your skin. I can't speak to the breakout on your back but i imagine if you drink more water, add an abundance of leafy greens to your daily diet, introduce ACV, test cutting foods like sugar, red meats, dairy, caffeine weekly to narrow down your triggers, and DON'T POP ANY PIMPLES! Cleanse, tone and moisturize twice daily with something without sulfates that strip your skin of oils. Find things with PURE vitamin c to add to your gentle moisturizer to help with scara and calm redness. This will sting a little but don't worry.

Source: Try Salima Skin Solutions for good cleansing tips and natural products especially if you're a POC. Or my favourite that I wish I found MONTHS ago, Banish Acne. 
I recommend acting NOW. It isn't worth it to wait and see if it gets worse cause it will and chances are this will be a lifelong battle that you can't heal, but can manage ;) Banish is wonderful and their products aim to trick the body into healing itself.
Again these topical things only do half the battle, diet and lifestyle change are the bulk of it and it's very important!

Good luck and stick to a routine, trust it and be healthy! Took 7mos on SSS for results and dealing with scars, Banish is my baby. Though I wish I did banish from the start, I'm using both now! 

No this isn't sponsored lol. 
Reference is I'm an acne survivor, still struggling, I'm trained in fitness and nutrition and...I just want you to be happy!
No. Do not put lemon juice on your face. Use a vitamin c serum. Lemon juice may cause chemical burns on your face 
Do not use lemon juice of any kind on your face. Find a chemical exfoliant like a BHA or AHA. These will reduce post-inflammatory hyperpigmentation over time. 
Tanning is the only thing I've found that helps my acne. It clears it up about 80%. As soon as I stop, and I have stopped for long periods of time (6+ months), this happens all over my face. Forehead, cheeks, upper lip, jawline, some on my back/shoulders. Mostly deep cysts. I've separately tried differin (retinoids), 10% benzoyl peroxide, salicylic acid, lemon juice, and witch hazel, which actually seemed to make it worse. Coconut oil and shea butter help somewhat. Tanning helps it so much, but I know tanning is horrible for you so I want to find a better solution. Anyone have a similar situation? I don't understand why only tanning seems to help. 24/F 5'8" 140 lbs. I rarely eat dairy or processed food. 
I heard about lemon juice too but I have been too scared to try it since if you are near sunlight it will burn and leave permanent scars so I don't want to take that risk
Foods to cut out 
1. Dairy
2.Refined Sugar
3.Gluten 
4.Soy

Foods to eat more 
1.Avacado
2.Tumeric 
3.Chia seeds
4.Cinnomen 
5. Pommergranate 
6. Leafy Greens

Supplements to take
1.multi vitamin
2.pro biotic 

Something thats really helped me out is drinking a big glass of water with a tablespoon of apple cider vinegar and half a lemon. oh yea only drink water. 

Wash your face only twice a day with a gentle skin cleanser 

Supplements ive heard work wonders is Zinc and l lysine
im currently drinking a shot of apple cider vinegar and lemon with a glass of water every morning... its good for your skin. and i just got off 6 months accutane so i had a good dose of vitamin A lol 
